Extensions
===========

- List of friends - In order to have each user create a friends list we would need to extend our player object to include an array of all friends he or she has added. At the present time we have one array that carries all current users with an account in our game. To make a friends list, we would have to make a new array that is populated at the users discretion. This array in theory would provide easier ways of communication and playing games with people on their friends list.
- Messages from friends list - This is a continuation of the above possible extension. This extension is about allowing you and other usuers you have on your friends list to share communications without having to be in game. At this time we only have a chat for when an instance of the game is created. However we cant use our already created chat to create a new seprate chat page betwen two users. 
- Leader Board - In our game, as an incentive we have a game cred that updates depending on if you win or lose a game. We would like to have the ability to use the gamer credit to guage a user's playing ability. Thus having the option of creating a leader board. Currently,each user is setup with a gamer credit, simply to create this leader board,we would need to create a function that compares and orders all gamer scores of all current users with an account on our game and displays them on a new page.We have also thought about the idea of having a level system to show how well a person does overall in their games.
- Unlocking more game themes - Again using each players game cred,we would like to extend our game by allowing for users to have the ability to not only add but also unlock new game theme packages. The packages would be new sets of characters. Currently we only have a three different sets of usuable characters for players to pick from. To create this extension we would have to create more sets of characters to be added to our database. 
- Open chat room for all - Currently in our game we only have the ability to have chat open between two people who are in game.  However we would like to extend this chat functionality to allow for all users with a game profile to have access to an open chat. This chat would not have to be inside an instance of the game but instead part of our users profile page so any and all users can post messages to share with everyone. In order to do this,we would have to do two things. First, creating an instance of a chat in the main user page and second, having a update function for that page,that updates every few seconds to keep an up to date running log of the chat. 
- create own game theme - We would like users to have the ability to add there own game theme sets to our list. In order to do this,we would have to have a way for users to submit a set of images with a centrealized theme in mind such as star wars characters or hockey players, etc. To do this we would have to take each users submited set and add it to the database. 
